Do you have any memories as a child about a particular festival or high holy days?
I remember the Seder night distinctly. We always used to go to Dinness Powers for Seder.
Different to today because even today I take services now and I conduct a Seder night service
so the people who are in the service can understand what's going on. In those days we didn't understand
what was going on. It was just all read in Hebrew. Nobody understood anything and we did what we did.
That was the way that it was done. There was more time spent asking people to be quiet and stop talking
than actually doing the service. As youngsters and I was the youngest of three we always used to have
to ask the four questions and that was a daunting task for anybody growing up especially in front
of all your aunts and uncles and cousins and I wouldn't have not done it for the world. You know
I can think of the bad points but I can think of the great points as well and probably the great
points are it brought the family together and we were together as a family and that was probably
the most important which gives me my feeling for family and community worth as it is today
and I think that is really really really important for the family to get together and stay together
and my father was exactly the same probably even more than me because if anybody said something
wrong it's okay because they're part of the family and he wouldn't have anything bad said about
any member of the family whoever they were whatever they had said whatever they had done
he wouldn't have had it done and if any member of the family got into problems
the rest of the family got together and helped them and it happened. So you would often meet you
said at Dinus Powis? Dinus Powis was where like the Kratowski family came together and
228 Kinkoid Road was where the Rapport family got together.